[Music]
the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103
over Lockerbie in Scotland
killed 270 people a Libyan national was
convicted for the bombing and eventually
the country's leader Muammar Gaddafi
conceded Libya's responsibility for the
crime
strangely almost four years to the day
after the Lockerbie bombing Libya was to
witness its worst aviation disaster on
December 22nd 1992 flight 1103 from
Benghazi to Tripoli crashed killing all
157 people aboard the two disasters are
officially explained in very different
ways Lockerbie is regarded as a
state-sponsored act of terrorism the
loss of flight 1103 was supposedly an
accident
but some Libyans saw a connection
between the two disasters both occurred
on practically the same date the flight
numbers eerily similar and many saw a
motive in each case with the downfall of
the Gaddafi regime new information is
coming to light al Jazeera travelled to
Libya to investigate the story behind
Libya's worst aviation disaster
Benghazi 22nd of December 1992 fool move
or stolen hey that can ladders cool -
lashkar's Federal Hill add one element
and picker a wrestler he'll mesh well
Libya was to witness the worst disaster
in its aviation history with up not the
kalila laser thing for the undercover
nerve so the value boiler Libyan
Airlines flight 1103 departed on its
regular trip from Benghazi to Tripoli
good place about 10 for tonight okay
hung with them now
release their craft and the Sun honey
with their six minutes before landing
disaster struck and children of the era
the spot on with Amandeep lizards Rob
Rob Rob Yan in the local science my hand
artist any idea this map does uses my
little sweater with his mother Clara
fellows mr. Slater up the plane
plummeted 1000 meters in just 13 seconds
all the 157 people aboard were killed
[Music]
one model car definitely would agree
there a lot of food so Luca sauropod we
whistling Thomas Machado me do anything
what is a car better jobs ability
the 22nd of December 1992 was a bright
clear morning in Libya it was also
exactly four years and one day after Pan
Am flight 103 exploded over Lockerbie
Libyan Airlines flight 1103 was
preparing to take off from Benina
Airport in Benghazi Casella Biden later
- Safiya that led but home Zameen Alice
Vicki the celebi what that budget
Moradabad a leap and therapy that we've
had a cat island the tornador problem
the planes were gone and headed on route
a 4 1 1 to Tripoli as the plane reached
Garros point the crew switched to
communication with the Tripoli air
control tower
valia logic control Anna and then not
Belarus quickly okay I'm diminishing by
then how would either brothers rally
okay Marcel Emma what done Tiger
Murchison to Appa Honda hi : with allah
fear allah complying with routine the
plane descended to 3,000 feet as it
prepared to land on approach to tripoli
flight 1103 was requested to circle the
airport for around five minutes
a standard procedure for an aircraft
awaiting a landing spot as the plane was
expected to touch down the control tower
back in benghazi received a phone call
ready to the horn fish so already before
you any much been idle drop of joe we
use Consuela Sandy's welcome the Canali
a paella develop into the she LMS will
become ready Lavrov is our capital
invested on ever on zip your files
available with player alia me of new
servicing fee belly third party at seven
minutes past eight communication with
flight 1103 was disconnected
the planes black box recorded a fierce
shake preceding a vertical plummet at a
speed of more than 13,000 feet per
minute
Anakin - Mustafa Salahuddin Jan Hobart
now he had support IRA mad Ania
Oh Lesnar has Tiwari and convinced Val a
Highland ambulances rushed to the crash
site 13 kilometres east of Tripoli
Airport passengers dead bodies were
found amid the wreckage and were almost
impossible to identify open an open data
file Montana guru LAN and then as mature
octave at the Madrid air and headed for
Zurich if we could much have you know
fellas the human remains were taken to
Tripoli Central Hospital
meanwhile the nearby salahuddin hospital
received two patients who would come to
play a significant role in this story
Nadia toss in the butter dish damn can
induce a puffy
Adam helado a mushaf Stanny has Marco
Mukesh and I solve akira a shuttle bit
bad man Steadman in Somali who shot a
bit were lacking the mouse a little bit
confused ahem jumble Beta Kappa Haruka
daredi
mother help Kenny sharpie she the
manager
you know Burton FM now Felicia Katie who
they are a lead ok who they can add Tyra
Hadid Avadh captain ali al Faqih the
nine crew and 147 passengers were all
killed a group burial was conducted it
being impossible to differentiate
between the bodies as Libya mourned the
regime cited a mechanical fault as the
cause behind the crash but for over two
decades
the official Libyan reports left the
victims families unsatisfied following
Gaddafi's downfall new information has
come to light
al Jazeera has obtained unseen flight
related documents and gathered testimony
from Libyan eyewitnesses previously too
afraid to talk doha based captain
ardella hobby is a member of the
international aviation authority he
served as a co-pilot for Libyan Airlines
at the time of the flight 1103 crash he
knew the flights pilot captain ali al
Faqih candle Oh captain I didn't hear
the master beer many ideas it done -
there we go - Osman are there any he
goes by the books and he got Russian
battle clear oweneen immediately after
the incident
Libya's state news agency released mixed
messages their initial statements
reported that a civil aircraft had
collided in midair
the military jet but this story was
quickly changed to an official version
of events that made no reference to a
military aircraft or any form of mid-air
collision in a statement following the
crash
Gaddafi appeared to place blame on the
international community Vidia
Rahul gallon and Knox fertile leonetti's
Lazaro and Ali can add a DPF a Pattaya
Pirates about the Saltire citing a
mechanical fault is the cause of the
crash Gaddafi sought to direct blame on
the sanctions imposed on his country in
1992 the UN had placed an embargo on
Libya these sanctions were in response
to Libya's role in the Lockerbie bombing
270 people died when Pan Am flight 103
exploded over the British town of
Lockerbie in 1988 in 2003 15 years after
the attack
Gaddafi finally conceded Libyan
responsibility the UN embargo suspended
all international flights to and from
Libya and banned the import of a wide
range of goods including the spare parts
used in aviation
despite this Libyan Airlines did manage
to buy spare parts from the black market
which I mean from your Lord Menachem
Amos math Amanda seems cliff Cabrera
with a simultaneous our waffle did not
medically accomplish a mission to
destroy him in London
well my genre Papa Riyadh today manraja
de edad mahalik the engineer responsible
for the pre-flight inspection was the
brother of the aircraft's captain was at
the bhaiyya
dr. Sheila Siena can't double barrel at
if you add them a second the date we
show lemon
can be have out of a city and even their
ego - a nose landing gear shock absorber
how do you pilot here someone is awash
in when your charisma good not why he
left the rossignol so no one else most
about vitality non cooler well Holly n
I'm not to configure eyes and IOC
anatomic yeah odd Commissioner docken a
lot Erica Tyra what is the dead sale hey
Dulli Cadogan shock absorber Holly ho
and more half a soda Matt there's a
trinomial we had a militia Aston becomes
a player in the graph and uh well have
to tell all blah blah Joe militia are
you hahaha i suburb a much Gaddafi neva
hope I'll goodness about l-fatiha with
them released aircraft and its ally
hadn't the Terran with a matter said I
should come bear with her than you
mechanical failure was ruled out as a
factor for the aircraft's demise but
Gaddafi's still sought to blame the UN
sanctions and cite faulty parts as the
cause of the crash the 19th anniversary
of the flight 1103 disaster occurred
just a few months after the fall of
Muammar Gaddafi almost twenty years on
the victims families still didn't by
Gaddafi's account of events they now
called on the transitional government to
reopen the case the seams are under the
jury dr. Foreman in Copiah because
people shot button why Danny and you
have injury one of the one canal are an
Indian a favela Vaman will take a look
cool who wanna watch it he continued a
disagreement
ellen:oh menachem in trouble and never
don't want to satirize under Gaddafi's
rule it would have been unthinkable to
speak out like this but 20 years earlier
the families did have one strong voice
of support in the form of Ibrahim Bakr
Libya's interior and justice minister
buckle was a prominent leader in
Benghazi a province with a strong
anti-gaddafi sentiment
he also discredited Gaddafi's version of
events and vowed to reveal the truth
behind the incident it put him in direct
conflict with the Libyan leader Colonel
Gaddafi talk about irony mo severity
Battaglini Gregory gia Vienna Brenda
1301 Anil Watson
now then the dough Olivia wool mantra
Shapiro Angola resident came at a
certificate of bio shift nephew Asia
Yanni can had our young within Human
Stain hatun kumara model and a half
million genuinely and he kindled by
rocking her mobility shift nephew was
journey with Avila who feel necessarily
be in caribbean more home brain back
earlier fushia viene what cars are a
bother
Oh sir almond kuba people with a higher
player
well why Idaho piano Sophia you have to
tell her mother was so far yes he'll be
him in a little hockey Hawaiian lad the
Sophia kumara well I della seta kumara
what can heaven other word Tanakh
alumnus could loup-garou Helicarrier
working hard word cobbler and you serve
Allah Allah tools
less than a month after the plane crash
vaca
travelled by Road to Tunisia to take
part in a conference of Arab interior
ministers during his returned to Libya
on the 6th of January 1993
Bakr was killed in a car crash enemy
amudha Bradley mother and Sharon levy
no hospital other benefit a fat girl and
a Sierra de su do not be certain or
hombre vodka
cannot enter the Maxima COMSAT
many Libyan suspected that bankers death
16 days after the plane crash was no
accident
they believed Colonel Gaddafi wanted to
stop backer from opening the public
investigation he vowed to carry out
Chancellor Mustafa Abdul Jalil was a
colleague of Minister Barker and had
also lost a close friend in the plane
crash
went to release his hypothesis back them
over at a Mahaney militant inertia first
alura's in macula
he'll attack America Darrell Bock can
loser Elodie
Ilana but I know at the metatheory home
set ourself Dina loma de toledo coo : el
mobile career little cadet he saw red
Assad will occupy a list of obvious our
rocket area locally abandoned Alec hotel
de Valera what he leaned in yeba
Milosevic Renea was a total a vehicle
very young Samana be neighbor of a
hearth little fear Alessi here a brain
become a title card the park hyatt a
feminist is happy but headed by a felon
who's sympathetic
comparisons have been drawn between the
crash of flight 1103 and the Lockerbie
bombing at Pan Am flight 103
similarities in the flight number and
dates serving to fuel theories of foul
play
other people don't Stevie polymers
shattering mp3 recover headed any
business our population this very most
of his good alarum economical a cappella
in engine via one cervical people still
she died Yallah Yallah european with la
Misaka Vampira mia khalifa estado Baraka
- silver stiletto the comparison of
hiromi of Edessa
so reality comb creamer get a cloak on
and not dyin of Senhora das to the nasa
nor had how no kebabian had a batik
state brutality during Gaddafi's rule
he's well documented for those
accustomed to his violence notions that
he played a hand in the flight 1103
crash and not far-fetched many Libyans
are convinced that Gaddafi wanted the
plane to blow up over the Mediterranean
so he could then accuse the US Navy of a
revenge attack for Lockerbie they think
a bomb planted on board failed to
detonate
so Gaddafi had the plane shot down and
covered up the evidence had it come off
dad McKenna
motherf---er Jurado Tierra same vehicle
sorrow women yoculan Fisher had this
befell tell him entire haddock Anna well
lower Fatima identify Joha focal Baja or
Scylla hassle
Tom to photography I'm dr. Cobb for
geography oh yeah let me know Kenneth
Cole had a cannibalistic eerie radula
fell sister Vanaja Tector kasi
but the plane did not explode in midair
a definitive source of information could
be found in the aircraft's blackbox
recorder it revealed that the fuselage
was in one piece when it hit the ground
this is also corroborated by an
eyewitness
Janna who the third era in a so-called
are Moody
had a harsh a shift effort Liara idea
you know
Miriam Alma Shah was an aerial observer
on duty at Tripoli Airport on December
the 22nd she was the last person to talk
to the crew of flight 1103 Bogota desert
at the era in live in 0 to T at the yard
owner captain I need a ski animal so
good fella mr. Bannon is Rock and held
the Ducks
hello mr. cutter Omarosa another witness
on the day was captain hassan al sharif
he piloted a civil aircraft enroute to
Tripoli from Tiburcio oil field in
southern Libya 100 kilometers from
Tripoli Airport
Hassan was ordered to maintain his
altitude and give way to flight 1103
that was waiting for permission to land
a de Calonne can toss rihanna
hora and hobo Dilla our bottle of Kadhim
voila teacher Ella Masada me liheap APPA
ecco oh can i idli Abhinav Kadam Leon no
fee Haruka Shibuya allah labbaik o Flor
de nada can't Boeing sorry Sebastian
under faretta left other all
communication between an aircraft and
the control tower is recorded it
provides key evidence in any Air
Accident Investigation
in the recordings between Tripoli and
flight 1103 the flight captain makes no
distress calls Loken and obsidian and
they have initiative Butera business
Bella Tierra can appear to matsuki
analysis and I saw Bobby looking had a
massage at two minutes and 30 seconds
past 8:00 flight 1103 radioed the
Tripoli control tower Tripoli double
1:03 maintaining 3000 by by god bound
Rosetta called Papa echoing bound
maintain 3,000 feet 3,000 feet an
airport control tower helps direct
aircraft to the landing strip a point
they refer to as Papa echo with a
buildup of air traffic
it's common for planes to circle an
airport until a window for landing
becomes clear aircraft flying towards
the control tower are called inbound
while those moving in the opposite
direction are called outbound demerit
David Adom whole parabolas Morocco is
Oracle attorney in and Boeing alert if
atlatl of Qadam abdominal holding al-bab
aleppo at five minutes past eight two
minutes before the accident occurred the
captain of flight 1103 asked for an
estimated landing time from the control
tower libyan double 1:03 expect approach
time please libyan 1103 expect approach
time after 3 minutes due to military
traffic maintain 3,000 feet we are
maintain 3000 we are turning inbound for
public
cruiser maintain 3000 cool again Papa
echo mallomars Nepal arimathea Canada he
has hidden lien and in in the Tottenham
illumine Olli due to traffic which
traffic a fire when nein nein tll oon
was no one but Adam Schefter time
boy sorry Salah she can't a demi
me Natasha hey melamine Yashiro Elmo
Qaeda be some wanna inbound hard
important while I can be cool Asif
[Music]
betturtle carrot they are in Medina Phil
at Naha Edition chauffeured yeah and if
not eat Austria helloo howa Alice's
naughty audiences chef Totti Yara Tabata
Mooji philosophy our essence our life
support homage mash people let it appear
the vanity factor moneda the fish
[Music]
at 7:00 past 8:00 the control tower
radioed flight 1103 there was no
response minutes before it's estimated
land in time the Boeing 727 crashed it
was only 13 kilometres away from the
runway on December 22nd 1992 Libyan
flight 1103 from Benghazi to Tripoli
crashed killing 157 people the Libyan
state announced that a mechanical fault
was responsible for the crash they
blamed a lack of spare parts resulting
from the UN embargo imposed on Libya
following the country's involvement in
the Lockerbie bombing many of the
victims relatives believe that Gaddafi
was behind the 11:03 disaster hassan al
sharif piloted a commercial flight in
the vicinity and witnessed the crash he
shares this belief hypothesis mapa Dorf
lab must immerse teddy widgett IRA
limits an ally in Amida Pettijohn
knocked off Madara Saab
Luna's fear sorrow shelter in Marion
sorrow hundred of sorrow
added can hire hara hara cat is added to
saucer rhode island middle Edmund L are
on Joe infringer couplet IRA at the
mouth of a communique in physical
therapist should I attempt she wrote
arrow called Mushaf shell motto for you
Derby della cisterna toughest bitch shot
IRA essays are they artificial
preservatives 10 sharp d sharp any diary
had Hospital mine had a definite CRT
Borglum Lama
Fahed attalos
I thought I can't either chuckles Justin
with the camera
the fact that the plane fell in one
piece mitigates the possibility of a
missile attack a previously classified
document has also affirmed there were no
traces of explosives among the wreckage
but al-sharif claims the plane lost its
tail wings in mid-flight moments before
crashing to the ground
at another era going para su so caliph a
mental Allah today young fashion and
title voy voy a tear in right now
aishwarya stammered typed boy she had a
water we had a little battle on e
baguette Tyra been Genoa
Analia star while attack night world in
the hand of the Tama have allowed wah
and fish are
survey engineer nadinekarl confirms that
the plane lost its tail wings whilst in
midair before plummeting to the ground
at the request of the Libyan surveying
Department
Kyle located the impact point of the
Boeing 727
add them again so good apparel Medini
well mt dead al madras wavered on who
how are ya sure kilometres elmo Kartini
who am i can support daily viral media
wherever how a leaky no meter shark so
good Oh Marcus Oh caught fire and
maddening much of the aircraft wreckage
is today still in situ at the crash site
with Gaddafi's regime now fallen access
to the site requires permission from one
of the militias now dominant in Libya
[Music]
this is all that remains of flight 1103
included in the debris is the tail wing
the piece of the plane that broke off in
midair the tail wing is made up of a
vertical and horizontal stabilizer the
parts of cheap control and balance of
the aircraft the record shows no sign of
damage by explosives
[Music]
how the tail wing was shorn off is still
unclear but a clue could be found in
London a senior figure for the UK air
Accidents Investigation Branch is Tony
cable
he was the chief investigator on the Air
France Concorde crash in 2000 and on the
Lockerbie bombing from evidence gathered
in Libya cable believes the aircraft's
tail wings were not blown off by an
explosion one possibility for the
horizontal stabilizer having detached of
course would be sabotage
so explosives in the affecting the
structure and clearly it would be
possible to place explosives in this in
the in the vertical fin that would cause
that detachment I've seen no evidence to
suggest that occurred
Tariq knack nominal original channel and
eleazar Hadi Oh
Sedna Dale Selim mocked or walk a new
motto be the L had a fishy I owe you a
lot harem no evidence that flight 1103
wasn't blown up didn't stop conspiracy
theories pointing the finger at Gaddafi
shortly after the crash an official
commission of inquiry was initiated it
found that flight 1103 collided with a
military fighter jet yet the inquiries
findings were not made public until
after Gaddafi's death ramadana creamy
was part of the Commission
hadith Napolitan makoto Shirin sada Kira
the pirated bellboy well a convener
Cassatt crydom in Hornet alas my freedom
OTR millennia was Ahava dirty Farland
Litella other atlatl academic an array
was automobile alllll boy
Nina Anakin is not a goon oho douche
ether Montilla mere free Jason freed
llll Bank Regina a third molar middle
boy free thermal cam data are atomic at
the time of the incident
a group of mig-23 fighters had been
temporarily moved to Tripoli airport for
knuckle cerebral mega tetrocini limited
Robles what America safe in matar
travelers at the illa to ket Fatima Ben
Sira Hal Joey
Mabini tire almond any key fish to
promote our troubles behead and hum
inestimable Adhamiya Trojan her calm
edenia the agreement had a fatal flaw
radio communication between civilian and
military flights was not synchronized
much Kelly can't mow Judah and Lara calm
edenia can't ethically my letter added a
letter Dava
well hurricane Austria a little above
well Adela can I scream as manageable my
donation reader will Medina mismanaged
exclusion water
at one minute past 8:00 flight 1103
asked for permission to descend to 2,000
feet the control tower dismissed the
request and asked the pilot to maintain
an altitude of 3000 feet
Fremont rocket robot can see Hanna she
had a gas Korea sir meditation has it at
the ER name school motto of the would
clear the after Alice's in Nigeria on
Ali assess the intestine monster cotton
who boots
hakuna matata not a star umma
creditability
our body gay
[Music]
besides flight 1103 and the other civil
aircraft enroute from the south three
mig-23 fighters were in the vicinity two
were airborne and preparing to land
while the third was taxiing before
takeoff in total five planes were
planning to use the runway at the same
time phir hera Cascadia man haddock
el-medina
with abandon her Achilles Korea can sole
Ally hammer acaba scary word hurricane
Melanie Emma's will Idaho would off of
Melanie for any puns did moral for women
in Missoula hurricane Nathaniel as
flight 1103 circle Tripoli airport to
make 23 fighters flew over the runway at
an altitude of 2,000 feet the third
military fighter was then given
permission to takeoff
Colonel Qaddafi owned a farm north of
the airport that farm was a no-fly zone
so the mid 23 pilot had to fly south
moving in the opposite direction of
flight 1103 Leo last weekend at maluma
and nafeel ii-era and medon a leader see
Fajardo milosz mobility Fahad what they
are and a lover Manish Canada maluma
and nephew tire on Oscar if I'm on top
of the hierarchy when I used a d-pad at
six minutes past eight the mid 23
fighter was given clearance to fly over
the runway and head towards a nearby
training field fear luck / colitis is
Demi and here sorrow hain for RC a BT
Shahana another you can be teacher I
don't surf religion a glioma can waver
on McDuff a la cocina jet mix atari for
i fire to make totally shackling CI we
shouldn't or without a tackle a
ventilating our battle at night Lauren
Samrat Vader wada
illa hain at the farmer
[Music]
hardened McCann McCann support apparel
as Korea
what about heavily tell attack kilometer
Jamel shark a dimple hard Wilma cannon
who mama Canyon Lee Kara see a pyrene
last Korean Waddell McCann Yakov amant
Asif MSF a maybe a date were at IRA last
carry it would certainly be possible in
this case that if the mig-23 had struck
the 727 that it could have detached the
horizontal stabilizer there are some
signs from the available photographs of
fairly severe local damage at the point
where the the fin of the 727 has
detached the mid 23 was piloted by Abdul
Majid Tre and Ahmed Abu Sneha the
findings of the Libyan Commission of
Inquiry led to prison sentences for both
men although now free since the fall of
Gaddafi they've received death threats
and have even been attacked some Libyans
do not believe the incident was an
accident and accused the two pilots of
deliberately colliding with flight 1103
on Gaddafi's orders
this is the first time that the pilots
have spoken to the media since the
incident access to them was only given
on condition that their whereabouts was
not revealed their account begins
shortly after takeoff while the two
other mig-23s were preparing to land on
the same runway pilot tre had to stay
clear of the to inbound fighters Turkey
cigar hello Eddie Lovato your Telugu
Tammy same ago Treecko tiger TN Cano
satin cotton ACOs Loretta Smith a man
named el Roboto Kanta cribben na LMT
dead luminar Alma lahia pabich as Tyrese
make flew towards the end of the runway
flight 1103 was circling at a speed of
four hundred and twenty five kilometres
an hour
Daugherty first mid meter who saw us a
vomit kilometer serasa vomit kilometer
Odisha 0 6 0 mesh of the style Academy
laughter had it with luck they have
laddie shall be subpar Sadler without
the OE the black box at flight 1103
recorded this tremor as an airframe
vibration at 13 seconds before the crash
summer cant the juice L healthy not the
era when s filled minister much in
neuqun had they just my partner and
making with the head don't put it up and
bother Sam you say Washington
well Emma enough Salada finishing
couldn't no feel of Salathe lemma had
just some of you by our last carry year
it should be Zhou mi an attack and
horizontal stabiliser Madan attack that
chef wanna mama-bird on come on come on
would be the Berlin horizontal
stabilized Tyra da late fifties as she
did okay
Kyra nahan knows in amami nozzle I'm
Aimee portala can see our exactly
players up certain buzzer gonna be
masters of the Markham she has said
Harold II do you mean tournament is
early dozen tiara Tom on motion it with
fucker shawarma commercial cause I will
claw foot shift not bucket attire
Samiha added our food this is urban and
are not all normal STS and if Pat the
yarra
per our office i re sustained a broken
arm while a boost Nana suffered minor
injuries
they were both rushed to Santa Hadean
Hospital which was then put under high
security it was there that they heard
the shocking news from such violent and
the nurse that under and the Sal feed by
Laura what the Hoggett be an officer
ma na Nana na ericnanya tired of being
so emissive are silly no shift of tyrant
millennia Aramis ours had a salon owner
you could hustle st damn tiger Ahtna
tired at nova cool laser moon or Taggert
Vega had a trachea the Boeing 727s black
box indicates that the plane had
maintained an altitude of 3,000 feet
while circling the airport the black box
of the mig-23 had been severely damaged
little data was retrievable lamotte's a
Sheraton milena homeland endure a little
hesitant a little film el ganar howard
esto sera Habana em Kenya leaf Olivia
me fish in Canada Shoshana short on
bhava so let's behead Regina it arose
here there's no secular for her say ll
months nihilo mister new veneers rattle
is full for Tom below my rugby I thought
Harry a queen of sand mocha had a little
tequila
what a la la la there OB regard the
black box of the mid 23 recorded 16
minutes and 40 seconds of non
consecutive data most of those
recordings were not related to the
accident as the fighter had only flown
for four minutes before the collision
it did show the fighter suffered a state
of imbalance at 1600 feet that led to
the ejection of the pilot seats this was
nearly one and a half thousand feet
lower than flight 1103 s recorded
altitude this would imply the two planes
could not have collided but damage to
the MiG's black box means we cannot know
for sure but sure I talk Donna will
bring lovely
Julius does I'm gonna be healthy with
McIntyre a parrot srie D and in Wichita
kaha being found guilty of a mid-air
collision tre was sentenced to three and
a half years in prison
Abbess Nina - three years
both men were dismissed from the
military today they still face the
accusations that they fulfill the
Gaddafi order to collide with flight
1103 legitimate envisioned Phyllida had
a hidden arab Nishita Air India's Katara
Vitaly bat Muammar Gaddafi at Arafat a
Arab mashita area and they noticed by
the Shah Halloween paradox the milk
Abdali of the machine would come out on
top Daria by the NASA Hammond had a
colony in the lab a menial of the land
of the feet
[Music]
I've gotten her masada actor Manette
Quinto G Lee I did a spell raha
collateral it Adeeb a player Lee Adama
nationality our manifesto night war
fertile air decanting show sure Roy yeah
the judge can Yanukovych hidden and not
an aura well ahem and can be teacher
shark forcible Becker Sheamus fear acts
I and is a - fair enough internal entire
the September 1993 Libyan commission of
inquiry found that a mid-air collision
with a mig-23 fighter caused flight 1103
to lose stability and crash yet the
Gaddafi regime did not publicly announce
these findings persisting instead with
the story of forty spare parts for
almost two decades the victims families
were left in the dark can located okay
it's condom good definition but I'll a
assess an entire idea so hotel 100
American academia where Roma fish had
three huddle Masseria crucified machine
shot appear well we will be secretary
arm to the gorilla myself cattle yard
will in a mid-air collision
instead of a yo-yo why we for sir
yeah we shot her sunny hello we had a
naive Nana she okra nobody Airmen had
Ackerman I will your mood the era or
sorrow Stidham kanahele
nasi toka blue we refer have it like
anomaly Attila Lily Lily
Takata male haka
vicita honey come over who are my girl
Rashidah chronic many Libyans believe
Gadhafi buried the findings of the
flight 1103 inquiry in a ploy to use the
tragic accident as a propaganda tool and
leverage against sanctions
some go further and believe that his
zeal to lift the embargo was so great
that he orchestrated the crash alga
defecate Omaha Silesia and I'm hustling
ca ca oxen minima and know why huzzah
huzzah
so what the teddy canister dead Andy
share haven't you saw what better joke
could be related let me equip a
sorrowful man a manly beacon hey Sarala
did a dirty web yeah he who karate
mullah hibakusya una nautical havoc on
an attack at a hey Glenda shop hmm well
what dole Elam that happened well I can
Hannah yakitori for CSE and the mojado
that have inherited Makena le let me at
se fear of Gaddafi but at a local Todd
Burpo Hobby Lobby
I wouldn't him Howard and if Jesus would
edit Janna Terabithia
wellbut Eddie hoon Alistair well you see
us in hadith derived another on and have
a sheikh say nian decrease others have
been with a heavy admirer at my Benghazi
will see her mum Rocco Bahama Benghazi
Ivan I'm a little rocket was shot in the
facility 10 el hombre de Ferran Medina
Cheryl yeah kappa been advised fur
doesn't abandon their national n we'll
need an or Laconia military shekel
government the cause of the flight 1103
disaster remains a mystery what has been
revealed after 20 years of intrigue is
the character of Gaddafi's Libya a
regime fully prepared to manipulate a
catastrophe deceive its citizens and
blame its enemies today the victims
families look to a new government to
work for its people and to reveal the
truth
you